All right.
So now let's go ahead and run all of the tests and see what we've got to fix here because I know we're
going to have to fix something.
Someone to jump up here to the top and click this and just run all of the tests.
All right, so I'm a little bit surprised that it's only two failing tests, to be honest with you.
So let's see what we've got here, so can find person by I.D..
Yeah.
So this is definitely one of the issues that I was kind of expecting to see here.
So this can find person by ID test is saving a person and then retrieving them by ID without an address.
And in this new update that we just recently made, we didn't put any condition or code in there to
check and see, Hey, if we're doing this joint query and and we're joining to these address fields
and those address fields happened to all be null, how should we handle that situation?
And I think that's what we're seeing here.
So let's see.
Couldn't invoke the string that two uppercase because the string value of the result said get string
is null.
And let's see if we click on this extract address method.
Call here.
Yeah.
So I'm guessing that probably all of these get string calls here are returning a null, which is, you
know, kind of fine.
But then we're getting down here to this enum value of and the value of isn't going to know what to
do with a null.
And so we're getting a null pointer exception here.
All right.
So we need to figure out how do we want to handle the situation where there isn't an address to retrieve
essentially.
So first off, let me make some room here.
So let's just pay a little more attention to this code here.
Extract, address and you've got your results set and then we start pulling these values out.
Actually, a thought just crossed my mind right now, and that is perhaps we could just do a quick,
conditional check when we're retrieving the ID.
And maybe what we do is do an arrest, get long on the I.D. and if this call returns a value that is
maybe less than zero.
I'm not even exactly sure what this get long method is even returning.
If the ID value for the address is is is null, but I'm assuming it's certainly not going to be a number
that's greater than zero.
So perhaps we could say something like if this resulting deal here is less than zero, or perhaps even
if our stock get object of I.D. is null, that might be even more to the point.
Then don't do any of this and perhaps just return an empty optional of an address.
And so maybe we'd want even consider just changing this method signature to return an optional of an
address so that we don't even have to make a null.
Or we could just return a null directly.
I guess that would work too, actually.
But maybe getting away from Noelle's as soon as possible is probably almost never a bad thing.
So maybe about the easiest way we could address this quickly might be to do something like this if our
stock get object.
I'd.
Equals null, then return null.
Let me start with that, even though I was saying that it might be better to return an optional from
here, but let let me start with this so that I don't have to do too much surgery.
Now I want to also show you something that I hadn't really gone out of my way to explain this because
it's a pattern that I really didn't want to emphasize is something you can do.
But in some statements that can work with a code block like here, we could have enclosed this return
null inside of curly braces like so.
Right.
And that's a very typical thing to do.
If the statements that you would have put inside of the code block are capable of fitting on one line
and you're only making one statement like, I'm making here.
You don't even need the curly braces.
Now there are actually a lot of code checker utilities that will discourage you from coding in this
way, because as soon as you add one more expression or statement here, and especially if you jump
down to another line, you now have ambiguous code.
And so for safety's sake, it's generally just better to go ahead and wrap all of that inside a curly
braces.
But I just wanted to show you that you technically don't have to have the curly braces, actually.
And while I'm at it, let me show you one more thing here too.
In fact, I don't technically even have to keep that all on one line.
I can actually.
Now this is really bad.
Don't ever do this.
You, I can actually just have this one line here just like this.
And the curly braces are kind of implied.
OK.
That's why the ad is depicting this return null as being indented to show that it's still subordinate
to this if statement here.
But really don't do this.
It's just way too easy for this code to get messed up as soon as you put one more line of code in here,
like, you know, whatever.
Do something.
So in general, I strongly recommend that you stay away from any of this kind of coating of style.
So instead.
Either just keep this wrapped inside a curly braces or maybe at the most, you can do this if you're
going to literally do it all on one line like that.
So basically, what I'm experimenting with here is to say, if this idea is null, then don't even bother
doing any of this business at all.
Just short circuit the rest of this code and return a null.
Now, another thing that I have mentioned in this course is that quite often I'm not actually a big
fan of having multiple return statements in a method.
And some of those same code checkers that don't like us doing these if statements without the curly
braces, some of those code checkers will also complain a little bit about having multiple return statements
from the same method.
But again, I kind of just wanted to show you some other techniques and approaches.
And me personally, maybe I could live OK with this because I like the conciseness of it.
If I don't do it in this way, quite then I need to introduce more curly braces and probably even an
else statement or something like that.
And then that makes my method even bigger so I can probably live with with this approach.
All right.
So it's taking me longer to explain why I'm doing it this way than to actually fix the problem, because
I think this might fix it.
So let me open back up the tests and just run them again, and let's see what we get now.
Oh, OK, so still not quite working.
Let's see here.
Ah, OK, so it looks like in this case, the call to arrest I get object ID isn't null.
So now I'm really curious to see what is the value of this.
And this might be a good opportunity actually to use the debugger, which we haven't used in quite some
time.
So if I use the debugger and just put a breakpoint right on this line and then run just this one test
method in debug mode, I can stop and execute this and see exactly what it's returning.
OK.
So let's try that and see someone to put a breakpoint right there and notice I just clicked not on the
number, but to the right of it.
And then I'm going to double click on.
This can find person by ID to jump straight to this method here.
Come over here to the play button, right click on that and then run this in debug mode.
Or you could do control shift.
So let's run that in debug mode and see what we end up with.
OK, so it hits the breakpoint.
And now what I can actually do is I actually just want to run this in a separate thread, kind of like
so I can select just this little expression here restart, get object ID, right, click on it and then
choose to evaluate expression like so.
And let me make that so you can see what's going on.
And so then I can just click evaluate.
Oh, OK, and OK.
So in this particular case, that actually does have a value.
OK.
So that's why that's proceeding just fine.
All right.
So then we really are just running into a situation where the region is probably null.
Let me let's try running that some selecting just the rest.
I get string.
Don't forget to include the parentheses, both the opening and the closing.
Right clicking on the rest, I get string coming down here to evaluate expression, clicking evaluate.
Ah, OK, so that is null.
So that's kind of interesting.
So oh OK.
I see what the problem is here.
This idea is not the idea of the address.
This idea is actually the ID of the person.
Let's see our query up here.
We're saying select P that ID and all these other and then we're getting another ID again, a date ID.
But we did not provide an alias for either of these IDs.
So there's that ambiguity that I think I mentioned when we were over in the Squirrel sequel client.
So when I am saying down here to get ID, it's being interpreted as the person that ID instead of the
address ID.
Yeah.
So that's that's the problem that we're running into there.
So what can we do about that?
Well, I think we could provide a column alias.
So what do I mean by column alias?
Well, since we've got ambiguity now because we've got two columns from two different tables that are
named the same ID and ID.
This this prefix here does not factor in to the column names that we have access to down here, obviously,
right?
So since we've got this ambiguity, we need to create aliases for these column names that will be seen
when we use these column names down here.
OK, now with the H.
Two database specifically, there are a couple of ways that we can achieve this.
And one is more work than the other.
So let's first take a look at the easier way.
So generally speaking, all we need to do is just create one alias for one of these so that we can differentiate.
And since we already have more code tied to the column names that we're using for the people table,
I'm inclined to instead introduce an alias just for our ID column of the address table.
And so the way we can do that is quite easy.
We can simply add on here the word as and then specify a new name for this field, and we could do something
rather simple, like maybe a underscore ID as an address ID.
Now, ideally, I would actually be creating aliases, at least for all of the address columns, if
not for really all of the columns across both tables.
And as you advance into learning more about Java and its frameworks, you may encounter the fact that
the most popular frameworks for doing that will tend to use aliases for every single column automatically
so that there's no chance of this kind of conflict or ambiguity occurring.
But I don't feel like renaming every single column here, so I'm just going to only rename that one
address ID for now.
All right.
So unfortunately, now that's not enough to make.
This work, by default, the H2 database will honor this, but not in the way that we are expecting
it will not treat this new alias as a new column name, which is what we're using down here.
Instead, it will treat that alias as an additional name, which it will refer to as a column label.
And this gets a little confusing because as you see down here, when we're working with these results
sets and we're calling the various getter methods here the name of the parameters that we're passing
in here, the string parameters are technically being called column labels.
However, our aliases by default won't work here.
These are going to continue to refer to the original column names that we used when we created the tables.
When we create an alias with H2, as we're doing up here, this alias, like I said, is an additional
name for this column.
OK.
And to access it by default, let me show you what it would look like, just for an example here.
We actually cannot do our get string or whatever.
We'd actually have to do something like this R's dot get metadata because this would be part of the
metadata, which is like, add on data, are stuck.
Get metadata.
And then you'd kind of like have to know what column you're already dealing with.
So let's say that that's column one.
So get column label.
We pass in an integer like column one.
And now this method would presumably return our new alias.
OK.
So that might not even seem all that useful to you.
Upon inspection, because how can you use that to get the value, which is what we're really trying
to get?
We want the value for the column whose alias is a underscore ID.
That's what we're trying to get to.
So unfortunately, there is no direct method for us to do that by default.
However, we can make this work in a relatively easy way.
So I'm going to delete that.
Now, what we have to do is actually modify how we connect to the H2 database.
So if we jump over to the test, to the very top of this class, we're not the very top, but near the
top right down here where we are creating our connection.
We can actually pass in another option.
So I don't know if you remember where we started passing in this tracing option here so that we could
see what was going on with the database while it was running.
But there are actually quite a large number of options that we can specify to the H2 database to modify
how it behaves.
And we can actually tell the H2 database that it should treat the aliases column aliases as column names
effectively so that the JTBC API, specifically the result set that getter methods will be capable of
retrieving values by either the column name or if a column has an alias, then it will use the column
alias so we can actually control that.
So the way to do that is to simply add in another connection string option.
And to do so, we can simply add in this new option alias underscore column underscore name equals true
and then another semicolon.
So each of these options is separated by a semicolon.
So this is actually just a flag where we are telling aides to database that it should treat alias columns
or column aliases as names.
That's what we're doing there.
And so now if we jump back over to the test, we then will need to change this name here to match the
new alias.
So address underscore ID or a underscore ID.
And then we're going to want to do that here as well, eh?
Underscore ID?
Now, if we wanted to, we could also jump over to the address repository and make the same changes
here.
However, for now, that's actually not necessary since this repository isn't currently doing any joins.
So there would be no opportunity for such ambiguity here.
And with this new approach of fetching the addresses with the people by using a joint query, we're
not actually even utilizing this repository for that operation at this time.
All right.
So now let us try running this test again.
So again, I'm just double clicking on can find person by ID, and I'm not going to run this in debug.
I'm just going to run the whole entire test and see what happens now.
Hey, seems to be happier for whatever that's worth.
It didn't blow up this time.
All right.
So now let's just run all of the tests and see.
All right, so now everything seems to be working.
So that was a pretty easy solution to this particular problem.
Now I want to emphasize, though, that this particular problem and solution that we used are specific
to the H2 database.
Some other databases may not have had this issue to begin with.
And in fact, as I think back on my career, I've never explicitly had to do this, but most of my database
experience has been involved with me connecting to what are called enterprise level databases.
That is large, expensive database systems that I didn't set up.
They are set up by whole entire teams that have a full time job of administering those databases, such
as Oracle or DB to or Microsoft SQL Server.
And so for all I know, maybe those databases had their own proprietary equivalent of this already enabled,
but I suspect that those databases may have already behaved by default the way that we are now making
it to behave with this setting.
That's my suspicion, but I don't know that for certain because I do know that I've used column aliases
before and I've never really had to think about it.
But with this version of H2, apparently I do need to think about it a little bit more.
So I wanted to just kind of call that out.
Now, if we didn't know how to do this?
Let me show you what else we could have done, which would have been more involved.
I'm going to jump back over to the system under test, which is our people repository class.
All right.
So the other way that we might have done this could have been to introduce a little helper or utility
method, if you will.
And let me show you what that could have looked like.
In fact, I guess I'll go ahead and just write it.
So what we would have wanted is the ability to retrieve the value of the column, whose alias is a underscore
idea, right?
And so what we could do there is maybe imagine that we would have had a method.
I'm going to make another ADR IED to just as an example here.
OK.
So we could have made another method like get value by alias.
And then we'd pass in a column alias like a underscore IED, and we'd pass in the result set and to
make this more useful for all types of use cases.
We also might need to pass in what the data type is.
That we're expecting back out of here, so in other words, I want this method in this instance to return
a long because that's what I'm trying to get here.
But what if I had aliases for these other things as well?
Well, then in that case, I'd want a string for this one.
And what else do we have here?
You know, maybe a date or whatever.
So I could specify the data type that that we're supposed to be getting back out.
That's that's the that's the gist, OK?
So we could do that and then I could have the I.D. create this method by putting my cursor right there
on the method and then doing the option return, go ahead and create the method.
OK, so here's the method now.
Here's what I would do in this case.
I want this method to actually literally be generic so that it can return any data type that I'm trying
to get.
So now we get to revisit generics for a minute here because this is kind of cool.
So what I would say is I want it to just return t I don't want a hard code, the type of long, OK,
return t.
Now, if I'm going to make this method generic, remember you.
Not only can you make classes generic, you can make methods generic as well.
And that's what I'm doing here.
So in order for this method to be generic, though, I need to also do one of these deals here.
And that's just signaling to Java that this method is generic.
And the variable that I will be using for generics is T for type.
All right, so T and then we'll take an input here, which will be the column name, which will be the
alias, the column alias or something like that.
So maybe I will just call that alias and then we'll have a result set.
And then over here, we're going to take in a generic class type.
So I don't want a hard code this too long.
Instead, I'm just going to say it's going to be class of type T.
And then over here, this will just refer to some class that represents a data type.
So a pattern that you'll see from time to time and code that does this kind of thing is to call this
type of parameter Keller's class just to prevent it from conflicting with the actual word class cla
ss.
So sometimes you'll see people just name it something like that.
Clay.
OK, so now that we're here, what I can do is first, I need to know how many columns are in the table,
and I can learn that by doing an RC dot, get metadata that get column.
Count, all right, now, these results set methods do throw exceptions.
Now I don't want to handle them because I can just let this exception bubble up through the top.
So what I'm going to do here is put my cursor there, option return and then choose Add exception to
Method Signature.
It's OK for me to do this here, because this method is a private method internal to this class.
And so this exception, if it occurs, is going to bubble up to this method, which already is designated
as throwing this exception.
And then that will bubble up again to our credit repository.
Superclass Anyway, so I'm OK with all of that happening under this circumstance.
All right.
So anyway, we're getting the column count and I'm going to capture that and I'm OK calling it column
count.
That makes sense.
Now I can use a for loop and just as a little visual reference here.
So here's the basic idea.
All right.
So we've got these column names right on this joined result said.
Imagine that this is our result.
Said OK.
And let me just temporarily add another had a row above here.
OK.
And so now what we're saying is this column here, which is also called ID, is going to have an alias.
Of a underscore IED.
Right?
That's what I'm saying here.
OK, so first, we're going to find out how many columns we have in this result set.
OK, and then what we can do is we can iterate over each of these columns and basically say, does this
column have an alias or a column label, which is what it will be called of a underscore ID?
If no, then move on to the next.
Does this one have a column label of a underscore ID?
How about this one?
How about this one, this one?
Finally, we'll get to this column here, and the answer will be yes.
This column does indeed have a column label of a underscore I.D..
And now we will make note of the index of this column out of all of these columns, right?
We will make note of that columns index and then we can turn around and say, OK, so this column is
one two three four five six column six.
So then we can turn around and say, OK, give me the value of Column six.
So that's how we can obtain values from a result set by using the column aliases or the column labels
as they will be called in JTB.
OK.
So I just wanted to kind of layout the thinking here.
OK, that's the algorithm or the approach that we are going to take.
OK.
All right.
So here we're getting the column count.
So in order to iterate through these columns, can you think of a good way to do that where you've got
a column count and now you need to just kind of step through each column using that count, that counter,
right?
Can you think of a way to do that?
All right.
Did you think of it?
Maybe you even coded it.
All right.
So here's what I would do.
I would just use a for loop here.
Just like this, so I'm going to say it's going to be an integer, and I will refer to this variable
as column index, which I will call call IDEX.
All right.
Now column indexes, I think I mentioned this before.
Column indexes are not zero based.
They are one based.
You won't have to memorize that, though, if you ever if you ever forget, which I forget all the time,
to be perfectly honest with you.
So one way you can learn that is by going into the Java docs of the results at class, and you can pull
up the Java doc for any of those getter methods like get along, for example.
OK.
So you can just jump into the get long now you want the one that takes the integer, which is the column
index.
You want that one, OK?
And then you can take a look of the Java doc for the get long method here.
And if you just come up here, you can see that it reaches the value of the designated column in the
in the current row of this result, said object.
As a long in the Java programming language and the parameters it takes as an input, our column index
and right here is the key.
The first column is one.
The second is two.
So they're just letting you know this is not zero base.
This is one based.
OK, so that's how you don't have to memorize it.
You can just jump into the Java docs.
All right.
So going back over here now, so I'm going to initialize this as one.
OK.
And then while column index is less than.
And so now my next part of this for loop is going to be the wild part like do this loop while column
index is less than blah blah blah, right?
Now here's one thing to not get tripped up on the sense column indexes are one based and not zero based,
and we are getting a count of the columns.
That means that we will need to use the pattern of while column indexes less than, or equal to or equal
to the column count, normally with most for loops.
You're usually initializing your loop variable to zero and then you're saying while the loop variable
is less than whatever your count is, that's how you would normally be doing it.
And that's fine because you're zero based.
But here, because we're one based, we actually need to be inclusive of the actual count.
OK.
Otherwise, you'll miss that last column.
Why does that matter?
Well, because let's say that post code was the column that we were looking for that had an alias on
it.
We missed this column.
If we didn't say while column index is less than or equal to column count.
That's that's why that really matters.
All right.
And then finally, column index + +.
OK.
So now if we come back over here, the next thing we would need to do is start testing each column to
see, Do you have an alias of a underscore ID?
How about you?
Right?
So that's what we need to do now.
All right.
So the way to do that is to call results set, get metadata dot, get column label and then we can pass
in the column index.
Like so, all right, so now this bit of code here is going to return whatever we have up here, if
we have something up here.
So let's just take a quick look at the Java doc for the Get column label method gets the designated
columns suggested title for use in print outs and displays.
The suggested title is usually specified by the sequel as clause.
If a sequel as is not specified, the value returned from Get column label will be the same as the value
returned by the Get column name.
So that's telling us simply that for each column, if there is no column label or alias designated,
then it will return the regular column name.
So in this case, it would return it because we don't have one.
It would return the last name, first name, date of birth, home address.
But when it gets to this one, since we are specifying an alias here, it will return a underscore ID
instead of just ID.
So that's important to understand and know.
OK.
All right.
So then what we can do here is say something like if alias?
Equals right.
Like so then do something right.
So if the alias that we passed in which in this case would be the underscore ID equals whatever is coming
off a here like here, then go ahead and extract the actual value for the row that we're currently on.
Because remember now these result sets represent one row, essentially.
OK.
And we just have one result set, so you can really think of that as one row at a time.
Result sets are more like a table with a row level cursor.
But when we're using them in our code, you can mostly think of it as one row at a time.
OK.
All right.
So now that we are here, we can then say something like RSA Dot get.
Now here's where we would normally just say, get along or get string or get data or whatever, right.
But we don't know what the data type is ourselves, right, because we're keeping this method generic.
So the nice thing that we can do here is we can just use a very generic method called get object and
we can use this version of it where we pass in a column index, OK?
So we can pass in the current index that we are on in this loop, which is column index like so OK.
And so that is us saying, OK, well, we were looping through column one and we didn't have any match
in column two, column three, column for column five, column six.
Hey, we've got a match now for the column name or alias, right?
And so now go ahead and just do a regular old RSA, get object to get whatever value we're pointing
at our stack.
Get object.
And really, we can just return that.
However, we're going to run into a little bit of a problem.
OK, now the problem that we're running into is that this method wants to return something of type object,
and this method says it returns a specific generic type.
So what do you think we can do to remedy this?
Did you get it?
OK, so it's actually pretty easy.
Actually, we probably could let the aid just figure it out for us.
Yes.
In fact, the idea is smart enough to figure this out.
It can just cast to T.
Just like that, and that's what I would have done, I promise that's what I would have done to.
All right.
So yeah, it's this casting to data type T.
Now some of you are probably a little confused.
Wait a minute.
What?
So here's how this is actually going to work.
And I'm not quite done down here, but I want to show you this before we go any further.
So this tee is literally going to end up just getting replaced with the type of long.
OK?
In this particular case.
And like I said, if I wanted to use this get value by alias method for all of these, and in fact,
I could replace all of these arrests that get strings with get value by alias.
And I could even pass in these same strings here for the column labels because we already know that
this would work with either the aliases if they do exist or the column labels if they don't.
OK.
So anyway, I could replace all of these with this, and the only difference would be instead of calling
RC, that gets string.
In fact, here, let me just just do it.
Let me just show you one more of these would look like so I could do String Street Address two equals
get value by alias and then pass in street address comma R's comma string dot class, right?
So.
This line here is totally equivalent to this line here, functionally equivalent to this line here.
And in fact, in some ways, this line is a little bit better or smarter or more flexible, perhaps
because now if I decide to change the sequel that's associated with this and introduce an alias for
this column, this method would actually work without us having to change that connection.
String stuff.
OK.
So there's that.
All right.
Now finally, the last thing that we would need is to handle this little squiggly line here, and this
is this thing.
We're missing a return statement.
And some of you may have forgotten how all of this works, and you may be thinking, Well, you've got
to return statement here.
And yes, I do have a return statement here, but this return statement is short circuiting the entire
method.
OK?
Because consider what if we never got a match, right?
What if there was no match here?
What if I had a typo and I just typed in the wrong alias and nothing matches that for any of the columns
at all?
Then Line 105 would never be executed, and I would have an invalid method because there would be no
return statement, even though this method says that it returns something.
So I need to do something about that.
Now, there's no alternative that I'm inclined to actually return from this method, to be honest with
you.
If this method can't find what I told it to look for, then we've got problems anyway that I can't really
easily remedy by returning some made up value or something.
So in that case, instead of trying to think of another alternative thing to return, I can just throw
an exception so I can throw a new sequel exception because that's what we have declared here anyway.
So I could add another type of exception on here, but I'm not inclined to do so.
And this is largely illustrative purposes that I'm showing you this throw new exception.
Now I can provide a string, which will be a message that will be seen so that I can understand why
this exception is being thrown under this circumstance.
And that would be a very good idea to do, and I'm going to use a string dot format to do this because
I want to be able to specify a little bit of dynamic information here so I can say something like a
column not found for Alias.
And then I can maybe say percent as and then.
And then just pass in the alias that this method was looking for.
And let me close off that.
There we go.
And now no more errors.
So I don't know if I ever said this explicitly, but methods that are expected to return something don't
have to explicitly return something if they are throwing an exception.
So my method here is saying under happy circumstances, go ahead and return what you found.
But if you didn't find anything, then just throw an exception.
Don't worry about throwing some other useless value.
Just throw an exception.
And that satisfies this method.
All right, so sorry that that took way longer to show, but I think it was probably valuable to show
you this for two reasons.
First off, it never hurts to review a lot of these techniques that we've learned before, right?
Using this loop here, and also a chance to see how to think about solving problems here.
OK.
These are problems that we encounter on the fly.
In fact, I did not contrive this use case so that I would have an excuse to show you this code.
I encountered this problem with you, and I'm showing you in almost real time how I as a professional
developer would have to figure out a way to solve this.
And I'm also showing you this because in this particular case, what if there hadn't been that H2 connection
string option that we were able to add?
I would have had to do this right?
So there were a lot of good reasons to show you this.
This is some good review and and you get a chance to see some more of the JTBC API where we dig in to
the metadata, right?
So you can think of this row here as metadata, essentially.
OK.
All right.
So since we went ahead and wrote all of this, let's see if it actually works.
So to test that out, I'm going to jump back over to the tests and let's just take this connection string
option out like so and then let's just run all the tests again and see if everything still works.
Oh, now if we're going to do that, let's see here, I guess.
Let me comment out this line and then rename this to that there.
There we go.
OK, so now let's go ahead and rerun all the tests and see what we get.
Very good.
So that actually works, right?
And I guess I'm going to go ahead and just leave that in because again, it's just a nice little chunk
of code review for us.
So now you saw two ways to get around this aliasing issue, though.
And so I guess I can delete that line there.
Oh, and and one more thing I'm so sorry I forgot about this original line here.
So actually, let's do this.
Let me move that line up above.
And then and let me make this variable a rapper long.
And that way, I can still test for null.
Like I originally meant to do anyway, right?
Because remember, this all started because I was saying if we encounter a table joined results set
like here, where there is no address data like right here, right?
Then in that case, this eight underscore ID alias column should actually be null.
So I'm not depicting it here, but it should actually be like there's the word null here, right?
And then I said, if that happens, then go ahead and just return a null.
That's what we were originally going for.
So to still make that work, I can now just replace all of this with A.D.D., our ID like.
So and just to confirm that.
Let me go ahead and run all the tests again.
OK.
Very good.
All right.
So I think we're in an OK place now with this functionality.
OK.
And so with that, we can go ahead and allow this lesson and I will see you for the next one.